# Hospital_Management_System

<p> What is a hospital automation program and what does it do? If you have a hospital, private health center, clinic or practice, you also need effective health management. In order to reduce your center's workload and maximize its performance, you should use hospital automation programs that make your operations and business processes safer and more efficient. These programs are generally software containing the following modules: Appointment creation / Patient orientation / Patient admission / Patient admission / Collection / Patient service / Private insurance and institutions / Billing / Doctor and healthcare team / Doctor's payments / Personnel personal information / Laboratory / Operating Room / Pharmacy / Medicine tracking system / Prescribing / Reporting / Purchasing / Warehouse and stock management / 112 Emergency /

Hospital automation programs not only record and track the detailed personal contact and medical history information of the patient applying to your health center, but also enable you to create a current account, perform preliminary accounting, cost management and personnel management, easily create appointments, organize patient admissions, hospitalizations and discharges, and negotiate with your patients. It allows you to keep track of your institution, calculate doctor's payments, and perform many other operations that ensure the healthy operation of your health center.

Hospital automation software, which works in an integrated structure, reflects data entry into one unit to other units at the same time. Thus, there is no need to enter information repeatedly and the error rate is zeroed. These programs, which are practical and easy to use, allow you to make comprehensive cost and income analysis by providing reports in the detail you want. This way, you will have more solid data at hand when making important decisions regarding the future of your center.</p>
